Update language around eliminating replicate shards (#90375)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/searchable-snapshots/index.asciidoc

<<cold-tier,cold>> and <<frozen-tier,frozen>> data tiers use {search-snaps} to
reduce your storage and operating costs.

{search-snaps-cap} eliminate the need for <<scalability,replica shards>>

> after rollover from hot, potentially halving the local storage needed to search 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
after rolling over from the hot tier, potentially halving the local storage needed to search 
```
